README.md, before:

# One Thousand Engineers

A special PVE gamemode designed by Uncle Dane for Uncletopia servers. The BLUE team consisting of up to 12 human players is faced with an army of Engineer Bots on RED team. The goal of the gamemode is to fight through the defenses of the Engineer bots and win the round. Best played on Payload and A/D maps.  

## ConVars
- `sm_engipve_allow_respawnroom_build` (default: 1) - allows human engineers to build in spawnrooms.
- `sm_engipve_bot_sapper_insta_remove` (default: 1) - will engineer bots insta remove all sappers with one Wrench swing?
- `sm_engipve_respawn_bots_on_round_end` (default: 0) - will engineer bots respawn on round end?
- `sm_engipve_clear_bots_building_gibs` (default: 1) - don't spawn bots building gibs.
- `sm_engipve_spy_capblock_time` (default: 20) - how much time spies are not allowed to capture points after the previous capture.

## Commands
- `sm_engipve_reload` - Reloads the Config
- `sm_becomeengibot` - 🤫

## Requires

- TF2Attributes (https://github.com/FlaminSarge/tf2attributes)
- TF2 Econ Data (https://github.com/nosoop/SM-TFEconData)
- TF2Items (https://github.com/asherkin/TF2Items)
- SourceScramble (https://github.com/nosoop/SMExt-SourceScramble)

## Configuratuin
Plugin is configured inside the `configs/tf_engipve.cfg` directory. 
|Key|Description|
|---|-----------|
|Names|A list of names bots will use|
|Count|Amount of bots to fill the RED team with|
|Difficulty|Desired `tf_bot_difficulty` value|
|Attributes|TF2 attributes applied on the player itself|
|Weapons|A list of weapons that bots will use, defined as a list of items per slot. Upon spawn, bots will pick a random one for each slot|
|Cosmetics|A list of cosmetics equipped on the bots|

## Update History

### 0.8.6
- Spy cap blocking feature doesn't apply in Payload mode.

### 0.8.5
- Added `sm_engipve_spy_capblock_time` for blocking spy capture for some time after control points capture.
- Fixed people sometimes getting stuck in Spectator.

### 0.8.4
- Fixed bots dropping weapons when they reach resupply lockers.

### 0.8.3
- Engineer bots can't build teleporters.

### 0.8.2
- Ragdolls are only deleted for Bots team.
- Fixed signatures one final time (hopefully.)

### 0.8.1
- Fixed server crash when the first engineer has joined the game.
- Fixed incorrect gamedata.
- Added "Uncle Frames" to the list of names.
- Added Pomson to the list of Primary weapons. (TODO: make it have 10% chance to appear)

### 0.8.0
- Removed console variables for limiting connected clients. Maximum amount of clients is now calculated with (maxplayers - tf_bot_quota)
- Added `sm_engipve_clear_gibs` (default: 1) to fully delete all building and player gibs.
- Changed variables' and commands' prefix to `sm_engipve` (from `sm_danepve`).
- Some cosmetic map entities are automatically deleted to cleanup edicts.
- Changed the name of the config from (`danepve.cfg` to `tf_engipve.cfg`)
- Changed the name of the game data file from (`tf2.danepve.txt` to `tf2.engipve.txt`)

### 0.7.1
- Added fail states if gamedata was setup incorrectly.

### 0.7.0
- Added `sm_danepve_clear_bots_building_gibs` to clear gibs from building to prevent server crashes.
- Stopped spawning gibs for some time when bots are in the joining phase and dying a lot.

### 0.6.2
- Also remove halloween souls packs.

### 0.6.1
- Use our own system for forced team joins.

### 0.6.0
- Attempt to ensure that players are only on the team that they are allowed to be on.
- Round timer is now a stopwatch that shows how much has passed during a round.
- Delete edict entities that appear from dying engineers during round end.
- Engineer health is 185.
- Added `sm_becomedanebot` command. (Exclusive to Uncle Dane :O)

### 0.5.0
- Show message when someone tries to join BLUE
- Fixed some bugs with player limits.

### 0.4.0
- Added `sm_danepve_respawn_bots_on_round_end` (default: 0) to stop bots from respawning during round end. 
- Added `sm_danepve_max_playing_humans` (default: 12), `sm_danepve_max_connected_humans` (default: 16).
- `sm_danepve_max_connected_humans` affects visible max players.
- Increased Engineer Bots's max health to 180.

### 0.3.0
- Round timer is now infinite.
- Bots insta remove sappers.
- Changed `fire rate bonus` wrench stat to +40%
- Redo unusual effect to Uncle Dane loadout

### 0.2.1

- Introduced the max connected humans limit. (12 by default)
- Fixed SourceTV being treated as the bot.
- Bots have killstreaks now.
- Bots respawn immediately.
- Players are now forced to BLUE team.

### 0.2.0

- Bot count now uses `tf_bot_quota`
- Added support for weapon customization
- Golden Pan Easter Egg!
- Switch teams is disabled.

### 0.1.0

- Initial Release

Commit message:

Update README.md with installation guide and heavy replacement.

README.md, after:

# One Gazillion Heavies

A fork of Moonlyday's One Thousand Engineers Plugin, instead of Engineers however, the bots are Heavies.

## ConVars
- `sm_engipve_allow_respawnroom_build` (default: 1) - allows human engineers to build in spawnrooms.
- `sm_engipve_bot_sapper_insta_remove` (default: 1) - will engineer bots insta remove all sappers with one Wrench swing?
- `sm_engipve_respawn_bots_on_round_end` (default: 0) - will engineer bots respawn on round end?
- `sm_engipve_clear_bots_building_gibs` (default: 1) - don't spawn bots building gibs.
- `sm_engipve_spy_capblock_time` (default: 20) - how much time spies are not allowed to capture points after the previous capture.

## Commands
- `sm_engipve_reload` - Reloads the Config
- `sm_becomeengibot` - 🤫

## Requires

- Sourcemod (https://www.sourcemod.net/)
- Metamod: Source (https://metamodsource.net/)
- TF2Attributes (https://github.com/FlaminSarge/tf2attributes)
- TF2 Econ Data (https://github.com/nosoop/SM-TFEconData)
- TF2Items (https://github.com/asherkin/TF2Items)
- SourceScramble (https://github.com/nosoop/SMExt-SourceScramble)

## Configuratuin
Plugin is configured inside the `configs/tf_engipve.cfg` directory. 
|Key|Description|
|---|-----------|
|Names|A list of names bots will use|
|Count|Amount of bots to fill the RED team with|
|Difficulty|Desired `tf_bot_difficulty` value|
|Attributes|TF2 attributes applied on the player itself|
|Weapons|A list of weapons that bots will use, defined as a list of items per slot. Upon spawn, bots will pick a random one for each slot|
|Cosmetics|A list of cosmetics equipped on the bots|

## Installation Guide
## WARNING: COPY EVERYTHING FROM THE DEPENDECIES PAGES EXCEPT FOR README.MD
1. Install Sourcemod and Metamod.
2. Copy dependencies into their respetive directories `tf/addons/sourcemod`
3. Grab the files from this plugin and copy them too their directories (same as above)
4. Go into `tf/addons/sourcemod/scripting` and run the compile script then copy any compiled .smx's too `sourcemod/plugins`

## Update History

### 1.0.0 
- Changed Config with Heavies in mind.
  
### 0.8.6
- Spy cap blocking feature doesn't apply in Payload mode.

### 0.8.5
- Added `sm_engipve_spy_capblock_time` for blocking spy capture for some time after control points capture.
- Fixed people sometimes getting stuck in Spectator.

### 0.8.4
- Fixed bots dropping weapons when they reach resupply lockers.

### 0.8.3
- Engineer bots can't build teleporters.

### 0.8.2
- Ragdolls are only deleted for Bots team.
- Fixed signatures one final time (hopefully.)

### 0.8.1
- Fixed server crash when the first engineer has joined the game.
- Fixed incorrect gamedata.
- Added "Uncle Frames" to the list of names.
- Added Pomson to the list of Primary weapons. (TODO: make it have 10% chance to appear)

### 0.8.0
- Removed console variables for limiting connected clients. Maximum amount of clients is now calculated with (maxplayers - tf_bot_quota)
- Added `sm_engipve_clear_gibs` (default: 1) to fully delete all building and player gibs.
- Changed variables' and commands' prefix to `sm_engipve` (from `sm_danepve`).
- Some cosmetic map entities are automatically deleted to cleanup edicts.
- Changed the name of the config from (`danepve.cfg` to `tf_engipve.cfg`)
- Changed the name of the game data file from (`tf2.danepve.txt` to `tf2.engipve.txt`)

### 0.7.1
- Added fail states if gamedata was setup incorrectly.

### 0.7.0
- Added `sm_danepve_clear_bots_building_gibs` to clear gibs from building to prevent server crashes.
- Stopped spawning gibs for some time when bots are in the joining phase and dying a lot.

### 0.6.2
- Also remove halloween souls packs.

### 0.6.1
- Use our own system for forced team joins.

### 0.6.0
- Attempt to ensure that players are only on the team that they are allowed to be on.
- Round timer is now a stopwatch that shows how much has passed during a round.
- Delete edict entities that appear from dying engineers during round end.
- Engineer health is 185.
- Added `sm_becomedanebot` command. (Exclusive to Uncle Dane :O)

### 0.5.0
- Show message when someone tries to join BLUE
- Fixed some bugs with player limits.

### 0.4.0
- Added `sm_danepve_respawn_bots_on_round_end` (default: 0) to stop bots from respawning during round end. 
- Added `sm_danepve_max_playing_humans` (default: 12), `sm_danepve_max_connected_humans` (default: 16).
- `sm_danepve_max_connected_humans` affects visible max players.
- Increased Engineer Bots's max health to 180.

### 0.3.0
- Round timer is now infinite.
- Bots insta remove sappers.
- Changed `fire rate bonus` wrench stat to +40%
- Redo unusual effect to Uncle Dane loadout

### 0.2.1

- Introduced the max connected humans limit. (12 by default)
- Fixed SourceTV being treated as the bot.
- Bots have killstreaks now.
- Bots respawn immediately.
- Players are now forced to BLUE team.

### 0.2.0

- Bot count now uses `tf_bot_quota`
- Added support for weapon customization
- Golden Pan Easter Egg!
- Switch teams is disabled.

### 0.1.0

- Initial Release
